
RetroTINK-4K profile instructions for use with GCVideo, Swiss, and/or Game Boy Interface by Extrems:


Note: To enter the OSD for GCVideo, hold L, R, Y, and X until the OSD appears.


Standard Gamecube GCVideo profiles using Swiss:

1. Use Swiss to force 480p vertical.

2. In the GCVideo menu under "Output settings", set "Enhanced DVI mode" to On.

3. In the GCVideo menu under "Advanced settings", make sure "Fix resolution" is set to ON and set "Digital color format" to YC422.

4. Save the GCVideo settings and exit the OSD.

5. Load the appropriate RT4K profile.



Game Boy Interface High Fidelity Profiles (You'll need to use gbihf-rt4k-hdmi.dol+cli):

1. My profiles are based on GCVideo-DVI v3.0 and later (please update to current firmware 3.1).

2. In the GCVideo menu under "Output settings", set "Enhanced DVI mode" to On.

3. In the GCVideo menu under "Advanced settings", set "Digital color format" to YC422 and "Fix resolution" to OFF.

4. Save the GCVideo settings and exit the OSD.

5. *Load the 13x profile for GBA, GB, or GBC, (optionally there is a 15x profile for full vertical GB and GBC).


* My profiles have all the settings Extrems suggests to use. However, if you intend to use a color profile or 3D LUT, you'll need to go into "Advanced Settings" >> "Processing/Effects", and under "Gamma/Linear Light/HDR", set "Bit Crush" to Off. My profile assumes default color and uses 3 bits removed as per Extrems's instructions.



Gamecube GCVideo profiles using Swiss set to 1:1 PAR (designed to override internal stretch):

1. Use Swiss to force 480p vertical.

2. Use Swiss to set Horizontal Scale to 1:1. The RT4K profiles for this setting will use external aspect correction for a MUCH better picture quality.

3. Use the same GCVideo settings as listed for Game Boy Interface

4. Load the appropriate RT4K profile using the reference guide below.


Below is a sample list of NTSC-U games that make use of various internal horizontal stretch correction:  

512 to 640 stretch:

Italian Job, The
Metal Gear Solid: Twin Snakes
Pac-Man World 3
Prince of Persia: The Two Thrones
Prince of Persia: Warrior Within
Star Wars Rogue Squadron III: Rebel Strike
Wario World


608 to 666 Stretch:

Donkey Kong Jungle Beat
Fire Emblem Path of Radiance
Game Boy Player Start-up Disc
Legend of Zelda: The Four Swords Adventure
Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess
Mario Kart: Double Dash!!
Pikmin 2
Pokémon Box: Ruby and Sapphire


640 to 660 Stretch:

Battalion Wars
Donkey Konga
Hunter: The Reckoning
Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker
Metroid Prime
Metroid Prime 2: Echoes
Pokémon XD: Gale of Darkness 
Star Fox Adventures
Super Mario Sunshine 




